Okay.
So this should be a quick lesson.
What I'd like to do is style our H2 element currently on line number eight.
So as always, let's add some classes here.
We're only going to add two.
First thing we're going to do is to increase the font size of this.
I'm going to apply the Tailwind text three Excel class, which is just going to set a font size of 30
pixels, so large, but not as large as the primary H1 text above.
And then I actually want to apply the font light class, which is the opposite of bold.
It makes the font a little bit lighter, not as heavy in terms of its depth on the page.
So let's go ahead and save this and see what it looks like.
Transition back to the browser.
All right.
Looking pretty good.
We have everything still working and looking just fine with our primary header and our secondary header
as well.
So that's all there is to cover here.
So I will see you in the next lesson.